in this life
I need containers of all kinds
and one of the biggest most
frustrating things for me is
mice getting in my stuff drives
me crazy
I really need a container that I
can put the cattail fluff in
that i use for my tinder bundles
a friend of mine was trading a
bunch of boards that she had
grown and I was able to get a
few from her boards are
basically like primitive
Tupperware
so the board has this outer skin
and then it also has a shell and
the shell is pretty hard
so when I scrape this skin off
I'm actually making it so the
shell will last a lot longer
now I'm cutting the top off the
gourds that can open it up and
scrape out the seeds from the
inside
I'll be saving all the seeds and
then plant my garden
so there might be bored next
year now i'm taking my pump
drill and i'm creating a series
of holes all the way around the
rim of the board and what I'm
going to do now is lace a
rectangle of buckskin and then
put a drawstring up here and
then I'll pull that draw string
tight and this will stay big
wanting too hard on a little
break and cord will actually
crack come to the phone
look at that
there we go
I need to buy something like to
make for myself
great